Add some documentation for component translation (#2410)
alphagov/govuk_publishing_components: docs/component_principles.md

* visual regression tests
* automated accessibility tests

### Component translations

All component text should be stored in a [locale file](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk_publishing_components/tree/master/config/locales). We do this for two reasons:

* so that other languages can be added
* so that text can be easily found and updated

The translation of text passed to a component should be handled by the passing application. For all other text in a component, text should be stored in a locale file, even if we don't have the text in another language.

> This includes text that is created in JavaScript - for example, [show/hide text in an accordion](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk_publishing_components/blob/master/app/views/govuk_publishing_components/components/_accordion.html.erb#L14). This should be supplied from a locale file and added to the component template in data attributes that can be read by the JavaScript, so that this text can be translated.

Reviewer: I'd suggest linking to a specific commit - the file could change, which would mean that the content of the line linked to would change causing confusion; we can also link to the whole hash:

```suggestion
This includes text that is created in JavaScript - for example, [show/hide text in an accordion](https://github.com/alphagov/govuk_publishing_components/blob/a715bc7ba66838ed0986427051280a000e7f0565/app/views/govuk_publishing_components/components/_accordion.html.erb#L14-L20). This should be supplied from a locale file and added to the component template in data attributes that can be read by the JavaScript, so that this text can be translated.
```

Author: Good shout, changed 👍
